hi my name is Russell housing I almost
show you this piano that just came in
yamaha you x 100 which is the very top
of the line and affording a 48 inch
upright this piano is you
and it has a little music stand rather
than the standard shell comes
and Yamaha you want
the keyboard cover instead of opening
leaning back on the face of the piano
falls recessed in which is great because
gives the piano a very unique appearance
and enables you to play without ever
hitting the fall board or dropping down
the inside of the piano incidentally
is basically in new condition
and
hammers strings mute rail felt all
perfect like the day it left the factory
in 1995 we could even play this piano
with the front we moved because the
keyboard cover won't move into the
action the UX 100 is a member of the
Yamaha radial back design back of the
piano rather than having posts as what's
called an ex back basically the same
design that you will find underneath a
baby grand piano the stand that upright
has these posts where this is the radial
button which gives the piano a very
strong case
if you were to compare this piano with
the Yamaha you won there is no
comparison this piano sells new for
about three thousand dollars more and
used about five hundred dollars for
looks great piano for someone want the
sound of a baby grand or grand piano it
simply doesn't have the space or the
budget